169 comment example code (#223)
comit-network/create-comit-app: new_project/examples/separate_apps/README.md

> # Example for swapping Ether for Bitcoin (separate processes) 

Reviewer: The order does not matter as it depends on the pov (taker vs maker).

An example project that shows how to swap Bitcoin for Ether with COMIT.

> In this example the taker and maker are split up in separate executable functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the taker and maker are split up in separate executable files.
```

> Upon executing the maker and taker apps the execution will bounce between the maker and taker, making the example more realistic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon executing the maker and taker apps the execution will bounce between the maker and taker, making the example closer to a production app.
```
🙃

The example includes the simple negotiation protocol provided by the COMIT SDK.

> The example sets off at the point where the maker has already published an order for the taker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It sets off at the point where the maker has already published an order for the taker.
```

> The example then consists of 5 steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It then consists of 5 steps:
```
